>> Will Sentance: Handling errors.
We get errors in server side development.
Look, I'm dealing with someone
else's computer, Michael's,
trying to send messages to my computer.
There's 1,000 things that could
go wrong in that process.
We need to be able to handle errors.
In server side development, we got errors.
This is the server side, the client side,
the server side, we get errors.
Understandable, we are interacting
with others' computers,
good apostrophe placement there.
[LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: Little tip here,
always just, whatever.
With the computers of others,
put it that's how you figure out the,
others' computers over the Internet.
There's a lot of issues that could arise.
How do we handle this?
We need to understand better how our
background HTTP feature is working.
Right now it only auto triggers
doOnIncoming, when the message comes in.
But what if we get a corrupt
request message arriving?
Do we want to look at it,
investigate it, and send something back?
No, we want to look at it, but
log it, probably to a console, and
see what error is at hand.
That means we probably don't
wanna run this function.
Wouldn't it be nice if we
could set up another function
that will be the one that runs when
an error shows up, or a client error?
The client is sending an error,
a problematic URL,
corrupted data in some format.
We wanna have a separate function.
How can we indicate which
one we want to actually run?
Turns out, people,
there's a little piece of Node here
that I did not tell us about before.
Which is that the auto run
function doOnIncoming,
actually auto runs, let me rephrase that.
When the inbound message arrives, it's
not automatically running this function.
It actually sends out
a loud shout within Node.
A message, they call it an event,
just a word that gets shouted out,
broadcast, emitted, in Node.
And that word that gets shouted out,
and this is a built-in word,
we don't choose this.
That word that gets shouted out
when a message arrives is, request.
[SOUND] It shouts out request.
And that is what triggers,
as someone awkwardly cleared their throat
after that as an empathetic response
to my slightly strangled cry,
that is what triggers this function.
How do we tell Node that we want to have
this function triggered on that word
that gets broadcast, flashed out?
Well, we actually did that implicitly,
with passing doOnIncoming to createServer.
That said, hey, Node, when you flash
out the word request run doOnIncoming.
But we can actually also do it manually,
people.
Check this out.
Node will automatically send
out the appropriate event.
These are the broadcast messages
that screams out within Node when
the right thing happens.
So in comes a message, it's a good one,
it's gonna flash out the word request.
Now if we pass the function to
create server, that will actually,
what it'll do is set, if you see word
request come in, run doOnIncoming.
But we can actually also
set that up manually.
Here, we're just gonna set up the create
with a server in the background.
We're not going to pass doOnIncoming at
that moment, we're gonna do it manually.
We're going to set up the server and
then use another function,
that's another edit function.
And we're gonna use auto run, and
we're gonna pass it the word that
we know will be flashed out, and
the function we want to auto run
on that word being flashed out.
On request,
we want it to auto-run doOnIncoming.
If we get an error message coming in,
though, a bad request,
Node's gonna look at it and go uh-oh, and
it's not gonna flash out requests at all.
It's not gonna broadcast
the word request within Node.
It's not gonna emit the event.
They all mean the same thing,
request within Node.
It's gonna emit the event, what,
Michael, what is it likely to emit?
What do you think it's gonna emit?
What's the word, Sam,
that he's gonna flash out on error?
>> Sam: Error.
>> Will Sentance: Actually under the hood,
it does, but it packages up, Matt, as?
>> Matt: Client error.
>> Will Sentance: Client error.
It's gonna flash out automatically
if we get an error coming in.
And we'll see this all before,
we wouldn't worry.
Client error.
And we therefore need to say, if you
hear the word client error flash out,
don't run doOnIncoming, run,
looks like we're gonna say it,
run doOnError, and
that's what we're gonna do.
And that's what we're gonna do.
All right, here we go, people.
We're gonna do it all from scratch again.
So let's take a picture of these
extraordinary ramblings of a mad person.
Okay, here, I don't want to use this.
Here we go, folk, here we go.
We're going to do it all from scratch.
I'm gonna be calling on all of you.
This is the last time, yeah,
I'm gonna rub my forehead, too.
Exactly, William's right,
draining, exhausting, but
if we get this down we're good for life.
You saw this.
You saw this in the challenge how it
already comes back to that auto run
function, auto inserted data.
Set up the background feature,
let's do it.
After this, people, just so we know what's
coming, we're gonna use a different
background feature from the computer,
the file system.
And then the only last thing we've got to
cover is whether these auto run functions
actually allow back in, at what moment.
And that's going to introduce
us to the event loop, the cues.
Some more live you v stuff, all to come.
All right, here we go.
We're still not quite done,
but it'll do, okay.
So here we are, Twitter's computer that
we're writing code for Twitter's computer.
Then in orange was,
whose do we have this time?
Charlie's computer.
I'm gonna say, I can already start to
feel the tiredness of doing the same
damn thing again and again.
Okay, I can feel it.
I'm gonna start doing the thing where
my head leans against the whiteboard.
Excellent, Charlie's computer,
there it is.
And now exactly as Andrew said,
the computer,
>> Will Sentance: Internal features,
>> Will Sentance: There they are.
Now you might say, why do we just
not have these up here permanently?
That's a good question.
>> Will Sentance: That's the end of that,
that's a good question.
All right, and
then we had Node C++ features,
Node C++ features in the famous
color of Node Purple, all right?
And then we had a JavaScript runtime.
This bit up here is a JavaScript runtime.
It's the place in which you
can run JavaScript code.
Okay, perfect.